Update concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources.md (#20204)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources.md

| Defaulting | See above | Yes, either via [OpenAPI v3.0 validation](/docs/tasks/access-kubernetes-api/extend-api-custom-resource-definitions/#defaulting) `default` keyword (GA in 1.17), or via a [Mutating Webhook](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#mutatingadmissionwebhook) (though this will not be run when reading from etcd for old objects). | Yes |
| Multi-versioning | Allows serving the same object through two API versions. Can help ease API changes like renaming fields. Less important if you control your client versions. | [Yes](/docs/tasks/access-kubernetes-api/custom-resources/custom-resource-definition-versioning) | Yes |

> | Custom Storage | If you need storage with a different performance mode (e.g. a time-series database instead of key-value store) or isolation for security (e.g. encryption of sensitive information, etc.) | No | Yes |

Reviewer: I think the sentence is fine but we should not change the full phrase "for example" to match the [style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-latin-phrases).

```suggestion
| Custom Storage | If you need storage with a different performance mode (for example, a time-series database instead of key-value store) or isolation for security (for example, encryption of sensitive information, etc.) | No | Yes |
```

Author: Thanks for review @jimangel
